[Music]
all right let's think about this what
would you do if you had tons of bunny
get yourself a yacht with a mansion on
it and literally sleep on a bed of cash
hey if you're an indian billionaire
that's just one of many bizarre ways you
can spend your fortune as for the others
Wow counting down from number 11 a gold
shirt
Da Capo gay an entrepreneur from Pune
India must have really had a taste for
gold I mean back in 2013 the man hired
15 craftsmen who worked almost non-stop
for 16 days to make him a shirt that
consisted entirely of gold the shiny
shirt was made up of more than 14
thousand pieces of 22 carat gold and
naturally had some weight to it around
seven point three pounds and he guess as
to how much a garment like this is worth
how about $240,000 at the time who gate
later admitted that he loved gold since
childhood and always wore a lot of
jewelry made of this precious metal yeah
but this gives a whole new meaning to
the phrase wearing gold number 10 a
bulletproof car
with a net worth of fifty four point two
billion dollars oil and gas tycoon will
cash Ambani is India's richest man oh
and you'll see his name again today
trust me but first of all let's talk
about his car a super sleek mercedes
benz with its in long gated shape you
might mistake it for a limo but it's not
the appearance and that luxury logo on
it that makes this car interesting first
of all on Bonnie's car is heavily
armored not only is it bulletproof this
vehicle can even shield bomb explosions
as you may guess that level of security
didn't come without a hefty price tag
1.6 million dollars for this bad boy oh
by the way for safety reasons the car
has a top speed limit of 100 miles an
hour but who needs a speed away from
danger when your car is pretty much
indestructible you know number 9 a
Ferrari Drive going for a drive in a
Ferrari doesn't seem too absurd until
you find out that this was one super
rich Indian father's idea of a birthday
present for his nine-year-old son the
man led his kid drive his Ferrari f430
around their neighborhood as fast as he
wanted
naturally the man got in some legal
trouble for his ill-advised birthday
surprise but interestingly enough the
boys mom was proud of her little guy she
said that not everyone can say they were
behind the wheel of a Ferrari at such a
young age well I think most people can't
say they were ever behind the wheel of a
Ferrari period number eight a diamond
studded handbag
you've already heard about Mukesh Ambani
and his bulletproof bomb-proof Mercedes
but I think his wife deserves a spot on
today's list for her love of lavish
things like handbags covered in diamonds
she has a super exclusive bag that's
decorated with 334 diamonds and 18 karat
white gold Chanel made just 13 of these
bags and Nita Ambani is the owner of one
of them oh yeah
and the bag costs about 260 $1,000 just
let that sink in for a minute number 7
priceless water you've likely heard that
cricket is super popular in India and
cricket players are some of the best
paid athletes one of the most famous
among them is average Kohli
a man who is known for his fitness
routine believe it or not the athlete
drinks only Evian water that's imported
from France the price of just one 33
ounce bottle can range from $9 to $30
and since Cooley is very particular
about the volume of water he drinks
every day I'll let you crunch the
numbers to figure out how much money he
spends just to stay hydrated number 6 a
bed of cash a rich man from Tripura had
a very unusual childhood dream and he
finally fulfilled it one day Samara
chari withdrew 29,000 dollars worth of
rupees that's the currency of India and
made a bed from the bundles of cash I
guess he can cross that off his to-do
list number 5 a private Boeing and back
to Mukesh Ambani and his peculiar talent
for spending loads of money this guy
seriously deserves a video of his own
but for now let's talk about his private
jet
before purchasing this personal airplane
India's richest man bought his wife a 60
million dollar Airbus for her birthday
only after that Ambani got himself a 73
million dollar Boeing it's one of the
most expensive and luxurious private
jets in the world and if you ever get a
chance to step inside one of these
models you might think you've just
walked into a fancy hotel room
it has private suites an executive
lounge a boardroom and seat that can fit
78 passengers this plane sounds like a
dream but there's more to come from the
Ambani family just you a number for an
unforgettable wedding back in 2013 the
famous Spanish city of Barcelona came to
a near standstill when Pramod met all
the younger brother of the Indian steel
tycoon Rashmi matal celebrated his
daughter's wedding the 26 year old bride
Shrishti was marrying investment banker
goo Raj Bell the wedding cost the happy
father as much as 73 million dollars do
you think a wedding with a price like
that would look like a real-life fairy
tale well yeah it does actually first of
all the couple got married in one of the
most famous museums in Spain the
national museum of catalan art more than
five hundred guests arrived from India
and Thailand besides during the
three-day extravaganza a helicopter
hovered over the city to take pictures
of the event roads were also closed in
the area Dom Perignon champagne was
flowing the wedding cake weighed 132
pounds and Michelin star chefs were
responsible for preparing the meals mole
boy
number three a chopper as a wedding gift
another breathtaking Indian wedding took
place in 2011 when Congress leader
Conwell st. Anwar son married Sukhbir
Singh Jonah Puri is daughter wow that's
a tongue twister apparently the whole
event cost about 36 million making it
one of the most expensive weddings ever
more than 30 thousand guests arrived 12
giant TV screens broadcast the wedding
live and it had taken 40 days and 1000
workers to get everything set up before
the big day
famous Bollywood stars like these guys
served as the entertainment what about
the wedding gifts you asked well I guess
it's enough to say that the groom's
favorite gift was a new helicopter
number to a floating palace so now you
know about Mukesh Ambani's car personal
Jets and his wife shiny bag well what's
left ah yes his yacht this floating
palace is equipped with anything you can
imagine let's see there's an elevator
which leads directly to the owner suites
as well as a piano bar a lounge a
reading room and a dining area on top of
all that this 190 foot long and 125 foot
wide beauty has a retracting solar glass
roof rumor has it that the yacht's price
could be in the 100 million-dollar
ballpark or even more
and number one a private skyscraper and
finally the number one spot on today's
list of big spenders in India goes to
any guesses yep
it's Mukesh Ambani again only this time
you'll get to know his private
skyscraper in Mumbai no it's not for
some company yawns it's literally a
twenty seven storey private residence it
even has a name Bob
now it's Antilla and a-hole Ambani
family lives there
the estimated cost of this high-rise
home is about 1 billion dollars after
Buckingham Palace this 550 foot tall
Antilla is the most expensive
residential property on this planet he
must be so proud you might be wondering
why a 27 story building is being called
a skyscraper after all it's not that
high when you compare it to other
skyscrapers but the thing is that all
the floors in the building have super
high ceilings that's why other
constructions of the same height have
around 60 floors by the way every single
floor of the building is different from
the others until a houses a multi-story
garage where you can park 168 cars and
with Ambani's bhaskar collection that
comes as no surprise in fact six of the
27 floors accommodate just the Ambani's
family vehicles there are nine
high-speed elevators and three helipads
on the skyscraper this mind-blowing ly
expensive residential property also has
a home theater 450 people a beauty salon
a health spa a ballroom several swimming
pools a yoga room and a snow room yeah
you heard me right it's a room where you
can find artificial snow at any time of
the day or night whether there's someone
in there at the moment or not and
finally it said that more than 600 staff
members live in Antilla at all times to
maintain the huge building and its
facilities
can't help but wonder what kind of a
bill show up each month just to keep the
place running so which of these bizarre
billionaire spending habits surprised
you the most let me know down in the
comments and don't forget to give this
video a big thumbs up share it with your
friends and hit that subscribe button to
stay on the bright side of life